> Why developping an ETL from scratch instead of developping connectors for an
> existing open source ETL ?

Our biggest motivation about an ETL development is to be able to capitalize
every integration with another application made on Open ERP. (for example,
as an easy reuseable and out-of-the-box module). So that, once we made
an application, we can reuse simply by installing a module.  To do so, we need
a system that is used by all Open ERP partners.

I don't think Talend will fit because:

* We can not ask partners to learn a new technology for importing data. Some
will follow, others not. It costs a lot to invest on a new technology. And I
think Talend is complex. If we want efficient results and contributions, we
should provide a system that everyone follows. We have several integrations per
month: connectors will be developped quite quickly.

* My first goal is packaging for end-users and re-useability. Having something
as Open ERP module is perfect for this. A user just have to install the
outlook_import plugin and run a simple wizard.

More over, on the technical part:

* I think we will take less time to redevelop a full ETL than to develop
OpenObject connectors for Talend. Mostly because we just have to develop the
ETL kernel and components (20 is enough for most jobs) and the rest is already
available from the ERP kernel: access rights, web-service interface, job editor,
forms and lists, migration of jobs, etc. The estimated time for the first
useable version of the ETL (without the interface) is between 2 and 3 weeks.

* The maintenance (evolution of Open ERP's version) will be hard with Talend
and nearly 0 per new version with Open ERP.

* I read the way Talend is developped and it seems like a "usine à gaz".
I think we will have much better results, either after a few weeks. Having a
script language, non typed and object is very good for an ETL. We have big
changes in mind that will simplify the way you design jobs:
  - don't describe the interface, just describe the changes
      -> MUCH MORE flexible.
      -> MUCH LESS work for integration
      -> AVOID to describe connectors for every object/table
      -> COMPATIBLE with the modularity and flexibility of Open ERP
         (objects may be very different based on the modules you install)
  - ability to easily reuse. (like you pointed, db connections)
  - use introspection everywhere (to detect Open ERP connectors on the fly based
    on SQL introspection, Open ERP fields-view_get, CSV headers, ...) And don't
    store and describe schema, unless you explictly need a validation. In this case
    you describe only the part you want to validate.

* I think that developping a component, in a good etl, should not take more than
a few hours. It's not the case with current Open Source ERP.

* ETL is like BI, having an integrated ETL offers a new dimension of possibility
for the ERP: for example, we decided that, for our direct marketing module, a
segmentation of customers for a campaign is defined by an ETL job.

But, we don't plan to try to compete with Talend:
* We will not implement high-end-user interfaces. For example, we do not plan
to develop a SQL query designer. Users will have to write their SQL queries by
themselves. (at least at the beginning)

> PULL instead of PUSH

An ETL component read flows of data in input, process and push this flow of data
to outputs. But sometimes it's more interresting to pull data instead of pushing
it. (an inverted flow or part of a flow) In this situation, a flow request specific
data (invert the processing direction) instead of waiting data to process.
Most of the time, if you want to join two flows of data, it's easier and more efficient
to use PUSH on the main flow and pull on secondary flows so that it can request only
waht he needs.

I will try to write some usecases.

> For Open Object, we should provide business connectors (Partners V4.2, products V5...)

I don't think we will need this. I put an introspection button on the Open Object
connector that loads the schema and constraints automatically. Based on the note above
(we don't describe all data, only the changes we want to apply), it will be very
flexible most connectors will easily work together without performing operations.

Having said that, in most of the case, this flow will work with the same
connectors for OutlookToOpenERP, and Open ERP.
	Outlook 2003 -> OutlookTOOpenERP -> Open ERP
	Outlook 2007 -> OutlookTOOpenERP -> Open ERP
So we just have to provide different connectors if needed.

Of course, if needed for complex objects that changed too much between versions, we
will provide connectors.

But if such components are needed, it's not component to develop, it's just a
parametrization (of components or part of jobs) saved as a module. So anybody
could easily change it.

> File & DB access.

For files, we will use URL lib that support most protocols: webdav, ftp, http, etc.
For DB Access, we will use SQLAlchemy that support most relationnal DB.

So, with only 2 components, we will manage most input connectors. Python libraries
exists for lots of format of files (DBF, XLS, ...) so it will be quite easy to develop
these connectors: from 5 to 20 lines of Python :)

Note that we plan to dissociate server connection connectors and file input connections.
So that you can use the server connection connector to retrieve a file through any
protocol (HTTP, FTP, ...) and connect a file input process on this one after (DBF, CSV).

> Everything as object

I agree with you. Every data should be an object and every field also. For example,
dates will be mx.DateTime objects (that already support all kind of operations)
and string will be unicode objects.

> Toolbox

I don't have a clear vision of what you call Toolbox. May be we should discuss on this.
But, in my opinion, Python is a toolbox in itself. Really easy scripting language and
lots of available functions or libraries. Managing transformations in Python is really
easy.

> Naming convention

Yes, we should not use terms like Talend. Any proposition for a better term for
'component' ?

> Dependency with Open ERP

There will be not dependency with Open ERP ! We plan to develop a fully independant
python library called etl. So that, any python application can use it. This library
manages all components and jobs processes but has no gui.
Then, we will develop an etl module on ERP that provides the GUI to easily define
components and jobs. Means you can use it from the GUI or directly in Python.
The Open ERP module will save the defined jobs/components (like pickle that includes
all etl object). So that you can use the system with only the etl library, without
having to install Open ERP.
I don't like code generation tools at all. This approach is much more efficient and
request less effort.

So you have:
* Development/Testing environment: Open ERP
* Deployment on Production: fully independant, only need to install a python etl lib



